REVIEW QUESTIONS - Unit 1

Sections 1.2–1.4
1.1 Define hardware and software.
	Hardware is the physical components of the computer. Software(Program) is a ordered commands whose written by programmer for the manipulate hardware and the reach desired result.

1.2 List the main components of the computer.
	Central processing unit (CPU), memory, storage devices, input and output devices and communication devices are the main components of the computer.

1.3 Define machine language, assembly language, and high-level programming language.
	Machine language is the language understandable for computer itself and consist of binary commands. 
	Assembly language is a low level language that convert binary commands as simple words (like ADD, SUB) to  make machine code easier to understand.
	High-level language is a English-like programming language therefore it is easier readable for humans and make programming easier relative to other type of languages.

1.4 What is a source program? What is a compiler?
	Source program is commands (code) written by the programmer in a high-level language. Compiler is a translate program and translate source program to assembly language or machine language depend on various circumstances.

1.5 What is the JVM?
	JVM(Java Virtual Machine) is a program and interprets Java bytecode.

1.6 What is an operating system?
	Operating system is computer's manager and controller software. It's job is managing computer's resources and activities.

Sections 1.5–1.6

1.7 Describe the history of Java. Can Java run on any machine? What is needed to run Java on a computer?
	Java firstly created for a embedded chips but then redesigned for Internet applications. Java can run on any machine that contain Java Virtual Machine.

1.8 What are the input and output of a Java compiler?
	Source code (.java file) is the input of Java compiler and bytecode (.class) is the output of Java compiler.

1.9 List some Java development tools. Are tools like NetBeans and Eclipse different languages from Java, or are they dialects or extensions of Java?
	JetBrains IntelliJ IDEA is a IDE for Java, VS Code is a text editor that can be used for development purposes in Java.

1.10 What is the relationship between Java and HTML?
	HTML is a mark-up language and it's structure static but Java turn HTML's static structure to dynamic for creating alive websites.

Sections 1.7–1.9

1.11 Explain the Java keywords. List some Java keywords you learned in this chapter.
	Java keywords have specific meaning to the compiler and cannot bu used other purposes in the program. "public", "static", "void". 

1.12 Is Java case sensitive? What is the case for Java keywords?
	Java is case sensitive programming language. Java keywords must write lowercase, therefore we can use these keywords for other purposes as uppercase.

1.13 What is the Java source filename extension, and what is the Java bytecode file-name extension?
	Java source filename extension is ".java" and Java bytecode filename extension is ".class".

1.14 What is a comment? Is the comment ignored by the compiler? How do you denote a comment line and a comment paragraph?
	Comments are text written on a source code but will not compile. We can write comments for variety of purposes but generally programmer use comments for breadcrumbs or guide for later programmers.
	"//" statement is using for comment line and with start "/* and with end "*/" statements are using for comment paragraph.
1.15 What is the statement to display a string on the console? What is the statement to display the message “Hello world” in a message dialog box?
	"System.out.println("Welcome to Java!");" is the statement for the display on the console.
	"JOptionPane.showMessageDialog(null, "Welcome to Java!");" is the statement for the display in a message dialog box.

1.16 The following program is wrong. Reorder the lines so that the program displays morning followed by afternoon.
	public static void main(String[] args) {
	}

public class Welcome {
	System.out.println("afternoon");
	System.out.println("morning");
}
---
	Solution:
public class Welcome 
{
	public static void main(String[] args) 
	{
		System.out.println("morning");
		System.out.println("afternoon");
	}
}

1.17 Identify and fix the errors in the following code:
1 public class Welcome {
2 	public void Main(String[] args) {
3 		System.out.println('Welcome to Java!);
4 	}
5 )
--
	Solution:
public class Welcome 
{
	public void main(String[] args) 
	{
		System.out.println("Welcome to Java!");
	}
}

1.18 What is the command to compile a Java program? What is the command to run a Java program?
	"javac" is a command to compile and "java" is a command to run a Java program.

1.19 If a NoClassDefFoundError occurs when you run a program, what is the cause of the error?
	If a source program has no class then NoClassDefFoundError occurs.
		
1.20 If a NoSuchMethodError occurs when you run a program, what is the cause of the error?
	If a source program has no main method then NoSuchMethodError occurs.

1.21 Why does the System class not need to be imported?
	Because System class is implicitly imported in every Java source program.

1.22 Are there any performance differences between the following two import statements?
import javax.swing.JOptionPane;
import javax.swing.*;
	Imports are resolved at compile time therefore any performance difference didn't calculated in both of these import statements at runtime.

1.23 Show the output of the following code:
public class Test {
public static void main(String[] args) {
System.out.println("3.5 * 4 / 2 – 2.5 is ");
System.out.println(3.5 * 4 / 2 – 2.5);
}
}
---
	Solution:
	3.5 * 4 / 2 – 2.5 is 
	4.5